hey everyone I'm torch Kozak from Aspen
a welcome to my vlog today I'm gonna
give you four tips to help you earn your
six pack no matter what anybody tries to
tell you or sell you there's some fast
and easy way to eat six pack abs there's
no magic pills there's no secret
workouts and there's no way that
overnight transformation but you can get
the six pack abs of your dreams with
some hard work proper nutrition and
exercise my number one tip is to reduce
the added sugar in your diet now comes
as no surprise at the number one added
ingredient of the USA sugar but can you
believe that the average American is
eating three pounds of sugar per week
eating large quantities of sugar
chronically increases your insulin
levels in your body which gets deposited
directly into your fat cells most of
this sugar comes from foods like candies
cakes soda etc but there's also a bunch
of added sugar and processed food that
you wouldn't necessarily think about
like breads ketchup salad dressings
cured meats peanut butter the list goes
on and on to avoid taking in so much
sugar you start checking the labels for
hidden sugars like high fructose corn
syrup and dextrose eliminating foods
like sodas juice drinks and sweets can
be the hardest part for men now I joined
a little bit of the foods that you enjoy
can help you steer clear feeling
deprived but when you give in to those
indulgences try to keep the serving size
to under 150 calories the next tip is to
avoid white starches now what starches
typically have the highest glycemic
levels a glycemic level of food is the
indicator of how much it raises your
blood glucose once it enters the
bloodstream when starches like white
rice white pasta white bread white
potatoes etc are consumed the glucose is
used up and stored in your liver
and in your muscles now any extra
glucose beyond the capacity of your
liver in your muscles can be converted
to and stored as fat try swapping out
white rice with brown rice white pasta
with quinoa pasta white potatoes with
sweet potatoes and white bread with
sprouted grain bread my third tip is to
drink more water for years diners have
been drinking lots of water as a
weight-loss strategy while water doesn't
have any magical effect on weight loss
recent studies have found that drinking
two glasses eight ounces of water before
your breakfast lunch and dinner can help
you lose weight and keep it off now
researchers aren't positive how it helps
us lose weight but most hypothesize that
is because it simply fills us up and
prevents us from overeating also the
chances of us downing a bunch of water
before we eat and then wanting a bunch
of soda afterwards go down as well my
fourth and final tip is to eat protein
at every meal protein may actually be
the number one key in losing weight
protein makes you feel more satisfied
than carbohydrates or fats so you feel
more full after eating people who donate
protein actually tend to eat more and
feel less satisfied in a recent study
dieters who increase their protein
intake to 30% of their total calories
and ended up eating 450 calories fewer
per day and then lost an average of 11
pounds over the 12-week study when most
people think about protein images of
beef chicken and eggs or milk come to
mind but there's actually numerous
high-quality sources of protein all
throughout the grocery store that you
can use to help get your protein at
every meal in the produce section
vegetables like green peas kale and
spinach not only are high in protein but
are also great sources of fiber and the
dairy aisle cottage cheese and Greek
yogurt are great choices you can even
find protein in grains like quinoa Mills
I referenced a lot of studies in this
video today if you want to read more
about where I did my research you can go
and click the link in the video
description it'll send you over to the
full article on the hospital website if
you like this video make sure you check
out my blog over at aspect where I have
more of these we also have hundreds of
free workouts our free meal plans the
lose or gain weight as well as our
complete thirty to ninety day fitness
programs please do us a huge favor and
subscribe to our YouTube channel it'll
really help us keep this great service
free like us on our Facebook fan page or
follow us on Twitter we'll make sure you
get the best motivation another way to
keep the motivation going is to stop by
they either that Apple Store or the
Google Play Store and pick up our new
has been interactive trainer at I'm
coach Kozak from Hospit and I'll see to
your next workout